it's become a place where Hollywood
hairstylist turned to for beauty
products but simply organic hair
products his rise to fame was far less
glamorous in fact it start was near
disastrous Jean Martin Eddie and Joe
most renowned at the company in 2001
would you put methyl propyl parabens on
your salad so why would you put it on
your skin here here it strives to use
plant-based ingredients whenever
possible but the effects of 911 combined
with a bankrupt supplier posed an almost
insurmountable challenge it got so bad
that edits on my house my car it got to
that point where every dollar we could
make went back in quite frankly 2004 I
said we are not gonna recover unless
something dramatic happens let's step
back and take a look at where we are
that's when the boys stepped up it's
step up they did their sons Jeremiah
Gino and kori decided to take over the
business
they've taken a beaten-down horse and
turned it back up into a resource
it was definitely nerve-racking at the
very beginning not knowing where a
source of money was going to come from
but the boys partnered with a smaller
local manufacturing company who gave
them discounts on raw materials they
focused on the Internet to help drive
sales and they went beyond hair styling
products and introduced accessories like
lip balm and candles we literally went
from Salon de salon telling our story
and and building our business that way
the result of all this hard work is a
growing fan base it's so excited because
it was a product line that I actually
believed in but then also gave me
results it also pumped up the bottom
line when the boys took over sales were
less than $100,000 this year the company
is on track to make close to 4 million
dollars the future of simply organic
looks just as promising I really see
this as being something that that I'll
be passing down to my kids someday and
and really truly building an amazing
family business Mary Sno seeing it New
York